
Game Description:
This game, called “Treasure Hunt”, is initialized by randomly 
allocating a random value of treasure to a number of cities on the map provided. 
In our case, we decided to have 8 cities, and each city owns a fixed amount value worth of 
treasure at the beginning. Each member in a team has three chances to pick one of these cities and dig 
out the treasure. Each time the treasure is taken out from a city, the city will regenerate the same 
amount of treasure. Thus members in a team can use the chatroom to notify each other about which city 
has more value of treasure.
The total amount of treasure taken by one team is represented by the sum of treasure obtained by every team member. The team that has the most amount of treasure will win the game. 

User Manual:

Start the game:
1 launch the server controller
2 launch the ChatApp controller
3 Input the server's IP address into the ChatApp and connect. A chatroom named "game lobby" will
appear in the chatroom list of the ChatApp
4 Select "game lobby" and join the chatroom
5 On the server side, hit "start game". The client (ChatApp) will receive the map of the game.

Game operations:
1 Once the game is initiated, we can hit "assign teams" on the server. In this case, all of the members
in the game lobby will be assigned evenly into two teams
2 At this time point, each individual can select three cities and then hit "submit results". The total 
amount of treasure will be sent to the server and will be added up to the total amount of treasure for each
team this client belongs to
3 On the server, we can broadcast Message to all users in the game lobby by entering the text message and hit
"boardcast" button
4 If an individual client did not select three cities, for example, may be 2 or 4 cities, an alert will appear as
"Please submit three cities" and the client is forced to resubmit
5 If a client did not finish his/her operation in 2 minutes, the submit button will be disabled the total
amount he/she found is 0.
6 After every client finished his/her operations, we hit "show results" button on the server. The total amount
of treasure will be determined for each team and compared wil each other. The winner will be announced on the
leader board. The game will then come to an end.
